I'm not qualified everyone's going to
know I'm a fraud what in the world am I
doing here if I was smarter this would
be so much easier I mean I'm not a real
entrepreneur why would anyone listen to
me what business do I have pretending to
be an expert all of these are really
common thoughts that many of us have as
entrepreneurs these are thoughts
associated with imposter syndrome
imposter syndrome is something almost
everybody experiences I'm sure you have
I have but I believe we can use imposter
syndrome to help us improve our
confidence today I want to share with
you some thoughts that I think are going
to help you overcome imposter syndrome
use it to your advantage and shift your
mindset hey I'm chalene Johnson this is
build your drive thanks for being here
listen as an entrepreneur I mean as a
human there are times in our lives where
you just feel like I have no clue what
I'm doing right I mean I remember when I
first got married I didn't know how to
be a wife when I got my first job as a
waitress I I didn't know how to be a
waitress like I felt like an imposter so
many things that we do for the very
first time you just feel like you have
no clue what it is you're doing and our
biggest fear is being exposed as a fraud
first of all like I said my name is
Charlene Johnson and I am the founder of
the marketing impact Academy I thought
it would start with a little story about
that uh even the idea of creating a
program like this however many years ago
I wish Brett was in the room so I could
ask him what year that was that idea
really kind of overwhelmed me
it made me feel like there were so many
people who I had learned from
I had taken every course every seminar
different trainings I'd worked with
mentors and I had started to make money
online
and I was like this is like I you know
the story people are making this way
more complicated than it needs to be I'm
going to break this down I'm going to
I'm going to show people the right order
to do this in I'm I don't say I want to
dummy it down but like why do we make it
so complicated was my thinking all along
so when I set out to create the
marketing Academy my biggest fear
was that somebody who I learned from
would
catch wind of the fact that I was
teaching some of the things that I'd
learned from them obviously in my own
way obviously giving a lot of my mentors
and predecessors credit but I was still
so
freaked out and it affected my
confidence assuming that one of them
might
I don't know like write a letter to
their congressman and and suggest that
I'd be banned from the internet like who
does this woman think she is you know
she's she's new here she learned from us
how dare she and you know I just felt
like somebody was going to call me out
it's kind of exactly the same thing I
felt when I was in Fitness
and that is that feeling of imposter
syndrome like I don't belong here
there's definitely people who are more
intelligent more knowledgeable more
experienced and the first thing I want
to tell you is that that's true
there absolutely are they're absolutely
were and still are people who do what I
do and they do it different than me
they've been doing it longer than me
they do it in a way that's better than
me they have their own way of doing
things and it maybe is better
but it's more importantly it's different
it's better for someone else and the way
that I do it is better for the person
who needs it the way that I've crafted
it and created it and you know that's
exactly the same mentality that I had to
adopt when I had to overcome that same
imposter syndrome
when I got into fitness because you know
I I didn't have a degree in Fitness I
didn't have a exercise science or any
kind of physiology background I was like
I just like to move and I want to teach
people how to do this and I'm I'm
positive that there are people who act
like they went to school for this so
what business do I have doing this and
when you allow those thoughts
to seep into your mentality what happens
is you begin to suffer in terms of your
confidence you don't step out in a way
that's as bold as defined as
purpose-driven as it truly needs to be
to attract the kind of people who you
need to help so I want to share with you
some of the things I did to overcome it
first of all I just you kind of have to
just embrace it it's a thing you really
do have to say to yourself yeah I
actually don't know exactly what I'm
doing and I definitely am not the
smartest the best the IST I'm not the
IST but also I definitely
no more than someone who knows nothing I
definitely am the person who's excited
to help that brand new person I know
that there's someone out there who needs
it whatever that thing is right the way
that that I help people with this so
whether you're in network marketing or
you're creating your own digital course
whatever it is I'm I'm almost 100
certain
that someone has done it before you and
probably's been doing it longer than you
and so you have to kind of get over that
and you have to go yeah but I I know I
know more than someone
and it would be a disservice
to that person who needs me if I didn't
do this
so that's that self-awareness is really
quite huge okay my next tip for you so
if that's the first one is like just
kind of recognizing it and owning it but
also
qualifying it qualifying by qualifying
it I mean you know acknowledging that
like I don't have to be the absolute
best at this I don't have to be I just
have to be the best for someone one
person that's all because that adopting
that mindset will help you overcome
those fears you have you make it less
about you and more about them and that's
my second tip is when it comes to
mindset
you know we will self-sabotage ourselves
we will is itself yeah we will
self-sabotage we have to say
self-sabotage ourselves it's
self-sabotage we will do that because
we've been set up to do that that's what
a lot of us have been conditioned to
think and feel that we're not good
enough you know only a conceited person
would think the world of themselves but
I have to tell you when it comes to
being an entrepreneur you need to think
the world of yourself you need to change
that narrative you need to change that
habit
I was having this conversation the other
day with a friend I said um
you know what's weird is I don't know
how old you are but when when I was
growing up when we were in high school
like the absolute
most vile thing you could call someone
was conceited
anyone remember like especially if you
went to high school like in the 80s
maybe even the 90s I don't know like
that was a thing if you called someone
conceded
that was like the worst possible put
down
it would ruin your reputation
but if you think about it
to be conceited just simply means that
you you know your self-worth
like I looked at the definition recently
to go like how bad is it really it
really is just about knowing your
self-worth
and if you don't have that you need to
pretend that you do
and sometimes pretending is one of the
best ways to get there
at least me to my next point
being an imposter and I I I've said this
before and sometimes people take issue
with the way that I explain it but it
works for me so I'm going to share with
you being an imposter is not a bad thing
you know I remember something that maybe
some of you can really relate to like
driving a car do you remember the first
time you drove a car by yourself
like your parents weren't in the car
I remember going like okay I need to
pretend that I am 20 years old super
cool and I've been doing this for
forever and I remember just thinking
like okay so what do the cool people do
when they're driving in their cars and I
remember like okay so put your arm up on
the window roll it down okay there was
there were no power windows so I'd crank
down my window and and put my arm up and
then I was like okay so where would I
how would I help put my hand on the
steering wheel and I remember thinking
like oh I'm pretty I'm fully pretending
right now that I am comfortable and
relaxed and I'm doing this based on what
I'd seen other cool people who'd been
driving cars a lot longer than me what
they were doing right and the same is
true like I think about when I brought
uh Brock home from the hospital and
thinking
what am I doing like what I'm like a I'm
a I'm a mom you're you're a dad like how
do we do this you know we brought the
baby Brock into the house I remember
thinking I was almost like playing house
like I was playing Mom did you ever do
that when you're a kid
and that's what little kids do right
they they
imitate that's what being an imposter is
like being an imposter is to imitate
somebody to like it means like you're
trying to trick people most importantly
yourself into believing that you are
that person so it's not necessarily a
bad thing I think it's how we get good
at just about anything you know you
pretended to be a mom when you're a
little girl or a dad or whatever it was
a you know a policeman a fireman
whatever you pretended to do that thing
and by thinking about what how do other
people behave
and because you copy the way other
people behave and what they do
you start to adopt their mannerisms
their way of thinking their way of being
like the way they do things and how else
would we get good at freaking anything
right if we didn't see it role modeled
and then kind of imitate it so having
imposter syndrome please know this is
not necessarily a bad thing I think it
kind of serves Us in that then we're
like okay I kind of know how to pretend
to be
I did the same thing when I filmed my
first um
uh Fitness video for consumers I I I
watched a million videos of other people
who had done it before like uh Jen
Miller you guys probably know who that
is um Denise Austin she is still around
and looks like she's 25. look her up on
Instagram whatever she's drinking I'll
have five
and um Richard Simmons I watched all of
their videos and I'm like okay so how do
they stand
how do they introduce themselves like
like I wrote it down like what what
exactly what they said I didn't know how
to like hold my hands when I was
introducing myself I washed away that
they held their hands I watched I
listened to the way that they spoke I
listened to the way that they cute I
wrote down their cues I did all of these
things and you know what that did is it
calmed me because I was like I have no
idea what I'm freaking doing
I've never done this and I don't want to
look like an idiot so it really calmed
my nerves to just study all those people
and then when I showed up on set
and I like I stood the way that I saw
all the expert or you know all the
people who'd done it before me all the
people I was in I was impersonating
I did exactly what they did and I knew
what it was supposed to look like now
you've probably heard the story before
that when I did that
um the director yelled cut and came in
onto the set and she's like what are you
doing I'm like we'll tell you something
wrong
and she's like no no but like what are
you doing right now I'm like I I don't
know I I don't am I doing something
wrong she goes no you're doing all right
but like what is this voice and like you
feel it seems like really robotic
[Music]
hi I'm chalene Johnson thanks for
joining me today for the bosu long and
lean workout
today I'm going to show you how you can
get strong stretched and centered with a
series of exercises like the thing and
just what she said to me she's like the
thing that I loved about you when I came
and watched your classes live and in
person is that you know you're you're
kind of a train wreck like you are wild
and you're unlike all these other like
kind of over buttoned up people on on
video and I was like
really
and she's like yeah that's how you got
this gig and that's what people are
gonna want and I was like really
wow like it you know it took someone
having to say to me be yourself
however I do personally believe I was
much better prepared because I was
impersonating people who I'd seen do it
before me
all that to say that is part of how we
shift from who we were to where we want
to be
you know you have goals for yourself in
terms of your business
and your income I'm sure and in your
life
and you have to start behaving as though
you are already that person you have to
start impersonating listen to what I'm
about to say you need to start
impersonating the person you want to be
you need to ask yourself would that
person that I want to be would they do
this would they make this decision would
they quit now
would they lose their patience would
they become discouraged or would they
chalk it up to like a great lesson and
move forward would they be embarrassed
of this mistake or would they turn it
into a great story
would they be questioning everything
that they did or would they just go for
it and and know that it's all going to
work out in the end you have to start
you have to start impersonating the
person who you want to be like you got
to start acting that way and thinking
that way and even and perhaps even most
importantly making decisions in that
regard I think that's probably one of
the toughest things about becoming a
successful entrepreneur okay so a couple
more things I want to share with you
about mindset one of the worst things
you can do for your mindset is compare
yourself to anyone else
you just can't it's not going to serve
you it's purposeless it will bring you
down and the reason why I say it's it
doesn't serve any purpose for you is
because all of the factors
that make up that person's success or
where they are or what they're doing you
you don't know them and they don't match
yours I mean it would be like parents
comparing their children it'll drag the
kids down
destroy their confidence and it's
pointless because every single one of us
is completely unique
and that's what makes us so special and
I don't mean to sound like woo-woo but
frankly that's what makes you stand out
listen to what I'm about to say it's not
something major
people think I've got to come up with
like a really unique hook something
totally different
something no one else is doing if I'm
really going to stand out and it's
that's not true you don't it's all the
like little subtle things
that make you very different from
everyone else who does what you do you
just have to know which subtle things to
lead with to package to put out there to
tell people about right so you know for
example the fact that I teach digital
marketing the fact that I teach people
entrepreneurship there's a million that
do that are you kidding me a million
people that do it some for 10 times more
money some for a quarter of the price
and a lot of them were teaching kind of
the same things so what is it about me
that's I can do to stand out
I can be all the things that make me
different and I have to choose which
ones I want to put out to the world like
the fact that you know I have ADHD that
I have a very relaxed style that I shoot
from the hip that I make it messy that I
share like a lot of my failures and
missteps and typos and
that's what makes it you need to me that
I honor Family First that my you know
kids and my husband always came first
like none of these things are like no
one else does that that's not the point
but when you stack all these things
that's What Makes You unique so please
remember that you do not have to have
something that's like life-changing or
game changing to be unique in the
marketplace whatever that is
but don't hide it the thing that is like
a little weird a little different a
little unlike your competitors don't
hide that and and that's when you have
to kind of drop the Imposter stuff
you know what I mean it's my next tip is
don't end up looking like everybody else
where it's like it's almost a joke
because you're imitating everybody else
so you there's really like nothing that
stands out and I mean that from every
single vantage point I mean the way the
address the way that you talk uh the way
that you charge the way that you
organize your business like all of these
things the social that you put out like
be you
you know even if you grow slower
the right people are going to find you
I always talk about that in terms of my
my own social media now Brock and I
teach in insta Club hub
and the methodologies that we teach are
are different because we have different
objectives and this is one of the
social media points I want to share with
you is my objective is not and it has a
lot to do with the fact like I I'm at a
certain size in terms of my account
and it's not that I'm trying to
discourage uh having new people follow
me it's not that I I don't want new
followers I'd love new followers but I
also know I don't need them because I
have a lot of followers who don't even
see my content on the regular basis and
I need to get in front of them and the
people who do see my content all the
time every day around my stories I need
to go deeper with them and the only way
I can go deeper
is by truly being authentic and if I
were posting on social every single day
or even twice a day or sometimes you
know sometimes I'll post three times a
day which is something we encourage you
to do if you really really really want
to grow you have to post more
but my objective is to go deeper with
the people already following me and I I
can't do anything that feels inauthentic
at this point
so I'm going to show up exactly I can
teach people and say Here's what you
need to do don't do what I do
but if you you know you really want to
grow here's what you need to do but do
it in a way that's authentic
I mean I can't tell you how much social
media I see that is straight up I know
Ying like annoying it's weird it's dumb
because I'm like
haven't I seen this 16 times today but
like just a slightly different person
but is it a different person I can't
tell
and we do Trends right we follow Trends
in terms of our landing pages we follow
Trends in terms of our websites we
follow Trends in terms of our email
marketing and all of that is okay to
start use imposter syndrome as your
crutch how about that look at somebody
else's website
but don't feel like you need to copy it
exactly
you know I not too long ago hired a
company to do a remake of our
chalene.com and when the company came
back with their first draft I was like
it looks exactly like everyone else's
that they had designed
and while one of the reasons why we went
to them is we like their style what I
didn't want to do is look like exactly
everybody else's website just different
colors but everything else is the same
first of all I didn't like that design
it wasn't me does it convert I don't
know and I don't care but it's it's not
me
I want a website that feels more like me
I want a heading and words and copy and
bullet points and the things that appeal
to me
so be very careful that you don't get
stuck in that impersonation stage use
this so you're like okay I've got a
place to start I can I can send this
sample website or the sample landing
page or this you know the way this
person lays out their store whatever it
is
use someone else who's successful use
that as your crutch
but don't question the fact that there's
parts and pieces of you that need to be
interjected
don't question yourself
You Need To Boldly believe
that you have what it takes you have
something different and it's better it's
better for someone else
someone's looking for exactly the way
you're doing all the things stop looking
at what everybody else is doing stop
trying to do what everybody else is
doing and boldly be you
shift that mindset so you stop beating
yourself up and
you know comparing what it is they've
done to what you're doing and maybe
that's why I'm not getting the kind of
success that I'd like nah it's just a be
patient
you know someone asked the other day of
me I was doing a podcast interview and
they said what does it take to be a
successful entrepreneur and I said well
it's it's not one thing in particular I
mean it's several things right I think
most importantly though you just have to
persevere
if you have perseverance
you just Outlast everybody else
the reason why most people I don't want
to say fail because I hate that word the
reason why most people throw in the
towel too soon
is just that they they think that
they're supposed to be further than they
are
and so they they focus on where they're
at and that there's other people further
ahead
they set unrealistic goals they start
beating themselves up and they're like I
picked the wrong thing I shouldn't be
doing this I'm not good at this I got in
at the wrong time you make all of these
excuses when the fact of the matter is
you just have to persevere you just have
to keep trying and trying and trying you
know what's the difference between a
business that succeeds and one that
fails quickly is just that like
the failures are part of the experience
it's part of the journey
so don't quit be so hungry for an
alternative way to do things that you
just keep looking and looking and
looking I always say when we bring new
people onto our team the quality I'm
looking for in anyone who joins Team
Johnson is someone who's like
no when someone says oh it can't be done
that way I want to hire the person who
goes they're ha what there has to be a
way that's a quality that exceptional
entrepreneurs have
they're like what the door's locked oh
I'm sure we can find a window let me get
a ladder right like you have to have
this insatiable desire to figure out
another way like we will figure out how
to do this there's got to be a
workaround I've got to keep drying this
even when you fail because you will
and then lastly the the last mindset
shift that I want to share with you is a
big one and and so I wanted to end on
this one and it is this it's just
evidence it's just facts right but the
sooner you can make the shift that
you're going to get everywhere faster
with help
the quicker you're gonna get there
whether that's hiring an accountability
coach or hiring a virtual assistant or
someone to who like wherever you're
stuck
because you're like I just can't figure
this out I'm not good at this stop
trying to figure out what to do
and listen to what I'm about to say
figure out who can do it you want to be
the least creative the least intelligent
the least qualified person on your team
really truly I just want you to have the
big ideas
and that's a mindset shift that's that's
one that is so hard for people to pick
up because they're like oh I'm saving
money by figuring out how to do this
myself but if I take the Shopify course
if I do this if I do that then then I
mean there are some things true it does
help to do it maybe a little bit
yourself to figure out even who it is
you need to hire
but when I say higher I mean I mean like
five hours a week somebody to help you
just a couple hours a week to have
somebody who can help you uh create
creative Instagram posts like you don't
have to think of this as like I need to
hire a full-time staff no start bringing
on qualified people who are better at
this than you so they can free you up to
be you that you're a big piece of this
brand
and that's something we can never
Outsource almost everything else can be
outsourced one thing at a time and it's
hard
but it's worth it
the time that I set aside to bring new
people into our
our team it always comes back to me
tenfold financially from a mental uh
Health standpoint
persevere like you can't persevere if
you're empty
so
when I say I remember it you can bring
somebody on even for like I just had
this conversation with my daughter today
she's launching a beauty brand and she's
she called today Sierra and she said mom
um you know there's this gal that I've
been working with the last couple of
weeks
what title do you think I propose to her
and here's what I think budget wise I
could afford to pay her and here are the
things that I think I could probably
give her to do I'm just worried that I
don't have enough stuff for her and I
said Sierra you are overthinking this
she doesn't need a title
just call her up and say hey
I love working with you you've been so
incredibly helpful to me
and I said tell her the number of hours
that would be super beneficial to you
but you're not stressing it like oh no
do I have more things to give her and
tell her it could be organic and tell
her that you know you don't have a title
other than the fact that she is your
right hand man and then we can let this
be organic and we can figure out what it
looks like down the road and you just I
said praise her tell her how helpful
she's been tell her right now that you
know you you need her and you you want
to see all the ways that she can
grow into whatever this ends up being
but I want you right next to me and I
really want to compensate you for what
you're worth but can we start small
and she was like oh wow yeah that's so
easy oh my God yeah oh my God I love it
she's just like we overthink these
things like that they have to have a
title and a little like and we have to
know exactly no just just freaking start
okay
that's that's a major mindset shift
that's a millionaire multi-millionaire
mindset shift hey you guys thank you so
much for being here with me today I
really do appreciate you listening
taking the time to
think about these things and apply them
I hope you took some notes and I hope
that you have written down at least one
action step if I may be so bold I would
love to create that action plan for you
and have it Center around bringing
somebody in to help you with something
just under five hours a week what's one
thing that right now you could bring
somebody on and they could help just
five hours a week and when I say bring
them on you're finding them on upwork or
freelancer.com or or maybe you've done a
post on Instagram or Facebook and saying
hey I'm looking for someone just five
hours a week they can do this or maybe
find them on Fiverr
f-i-v-e-r-rr.com but I want you to right
now make a mental note what it is you're
going to find somebody to take those
five hours off your plate this week by
the way if you're enjoying this if
you've had a light bulb moment if if
it's been helpful to you in any way or
any of our other previous episodes have
helped you I would love to ask you for
something in return it's really super
simple all you have to do is click a
button if you wouldn't mind taking a
moment to subscribe and also turn on the
notification Bell I would be and so
would Brock we would both be forever
grateful well I hope you enjoyed that it
was a a training that I did for our
members I also wanted to invite you if
you're someone who's trying to grow your
Instagram following I want to invite you
to join our membership Community Brock
and I have an Instagram coaching program
that I think you would love and you get
to try it at any time 14 days for just
seven dollars isn't that crazy I'm gonna
put the link to that special below this
episode and you can check it out
yourself it's called instaclubhub and I
it's just it's a shortcut remember when
I in this episode where I was talking
about how important it is to just get
help Instagram is one of those things
like you you know how much time it is
eating up of your life
so let us help you save a ton of time
and attract the kind of people who want
to be your customers check out that link
below instaclubhub.com you can get 14
days for just seven dollars and we would
love to have you I hope you enjoyed this
episode if you did don't forget to
double check and make sure you're
subscribed hit that like button I think
it's probably over here and um turn on
the notification Bell that makes it
easier for you to know when we've
uploaded a new episode it's my goal to
be brief to be bright to make it fun and
then be done we are done
[Music]